fix: cache-controller flags not respecting the environment variables (#2184)
openfga/openfga: CHANGELOG.md

Try to keep listed changes to a concise bulleted list of simple explanations of changes. Aim for the amount of information needed so that readers can understand where they would look in the codebase to investigate the changes' implementation, or where they would look in the documentation to understand how to make use of the change in practice - better yet, link directly to the docs and provide detailed information there. Only elaborate if doing so is required to avoid breaking changes or experimental features from ruining someone's day.

## [Unreleased]
### Fixed

> - fixed issue with missing cache controller flags [#2184](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/2184)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed missing binding between flags and environment variables for the cache controller feature [#2184](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/2184)
```
